docs/OPTIONS.md, before:

# Options

## Plugin options
Plugin options are the options that can be set when the plugin is instantiated.

### `addressBarShadowPadding`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `6`

The padding that needs to be added to the address bar on iOS and Android to do a proper cutout of the the viewport.

### `autoSaveBaseline`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

If no baseline image is found during the comparison the image is automatically copied to the baseline folder when this is set to `true`

### `baselineFolder`
- **Type:** `any`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `./wic/baseline/`

The directory that will hold all the baseline images that are used to during the comparison. If not set, the default value will be used. A function that accepts an option object can also be used to set the baselineFolder value:
```
  getFolder = type = options => {
    const testFolder = path.dirname(options.specs[0]);
    return path.join(testFolder, 'snapshots', type);
  };

  {
    baselineFolder: getFolder(options)
  }
```

### `clearRuntimeFolder`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

Delete runtime folder (`actual` & `diff`) on initialisation

> **NOTE:**<br>
> This will only work when the [`screenshotPath`](#screenshotpath) is set through the plugin options, and **WILL NOT WORK** when you set the folders in the methods

### `debug`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

Enable extra console logging or always saving the diff images during comparison.

### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

### `formatImageName`
- **Type:** `string`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `{tag}-{browserName}-{width}x{height}-dpr-{dpr}`

The name of the saved images can be customized by passing the parameter `formatImageName` with a format string like:

	{tag}-{browserName}-{width}x{height}-dpr-{dpr}

The following variables can be passed to format the string and will automatically been read from the instance capabilities. 
If they can't be determined the defaults will be used.

- `browserName`: The name of the browser in the provided capabilities
- `browserVersion`: The version of the browser provided in the capabilities
- `deviceName`: The device name from the capabilities
- `dpr`: The device pixel ratio
- `height`: The height of the screen
- `logName`: The logName from capabilities
- `mobile`: This will add _app, of browserName after the deviceName to distinguish app screenshots from browser screenshots
- `name`: The name from capabilities
- `platformName`: The name of the platform in the provided capabilities
- `platformVersion`: The version of the platform provided in the capabilities
- `tag`: The tag that is provided in the methods that is being called
- `width`: The width of the screen

#### `fullPageScrollTimeout`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `1500`

The timeout in milliseconds to wait after a scroll. This might help identifying pages with lazy loading.

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

### `savePerInstance`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no

Save the images per instance in a separate folder so for example all Chrome screenshots will be saved in a chrome folder like `desktop_chrome`.

### `screenshotPath`
- **Type:** `any`
- **Default:** `.tmp/`
- **Mandatory:** no

The directory that will hold all the actual / difference screenshots. If not set, the default value will be used. A function that
accepts an option object can also be used to set the screenshotPath value:
```
  getFolder = type = options => {
    const testFolder = path.dirname(options.specs[0]);
    return path.join(testFolder, 'snapshots', type);
  };

  {
    screenshotPath: getFolder(options)
  }
```

### `toolBarShadowPadding`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `6`

The padding that needs to be added to the toolbar bar on iOS and Android to do a proper cutout of the the viewport.

### Plugin compare options 
The compare options can be set as plugin options, see [Compare options](./OPTIONS.md#compare-options)


## Method options
Methods options are the options that can be set per method. If the option has the same key as an options that has been set during the instantiation of the plugin, this method option will override the plugin option value.

### `saveElement`
#### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

#### `hideElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `removeElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can *remove* 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `display: none` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `resizeDimensions`
- **Type:** `object`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Default:** `{ top: 0, right: 0, bottom: 0, left: 0}`

An object that need to hold a `top`, `right`, `bottom` and a `left` amount of pixels that need to make the element cutout bigger.

### `saveScreen`
#### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

#### `hideElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `removeElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can *remove* 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `display: none` to them by providing an array of elements. 

### `saveFullPageScreen`
#### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

#### `fullPageScrollTimeout`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `1500`

The timeout in milliseconds to wait after a scroll. This might help identifying pages with lazy loading.

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

#### `hideElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `removeElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can *remove* 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `display: none` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `hideAfterFirstScroll`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods will hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.
This will be handy when a page for example holds sticky elements that will scroll with the page if the page is scrolled but will give an anoying effect when a fullpage screenshot is made 

### `checkElement`
#### `blockOut`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `[{height: 10, width: 5, x: 40, y: 65}, {height: 250, width: 500,x: 0,y: 35}]`

Block out array with x, y, width and height values. These block outs will be black areas on both images that will be excluded during comparison.
The values will automatically be transformed to the correct DPR-values.  

#### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

#### `hideElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `removeElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can *remove* 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `display: none` to them by providing an array of elements. 

#### `resizeDimensions`
- **Type:** `object`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Default:** `{ top: 0, right: 0, bottom: 0, left: 0}`

An object that need to hold a `top`, `right`, `bottom` and a `left` amount of pixels that need to make the element cutout bigger.

### `checkElement` compare options 
The compare options can be set as `checkElement` options, see [Compare options](./OPTIONS.md#compare-options)

### `checkScreen`
#### `blockOut`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `[{height: 10, width: 5, x: 40, y: 65}, {height: 250, width: 500,x: 0,y: 35}]`

Block out array with x, y, width and height values. These block outs will be black areas on both images that will be excluded during comparison.
The values will automatically be transformed to the correct DPR-values.
 
#### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

#### `hideElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `removeElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can *remove* 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `display: none` to them by providing an array of elements.  

### `checkScreen` compare options 
The compare options can be set as `checkScreen` options, see [Compare options](./OPTIONS.md#compare-options)

### `checkFullPageScreen`
#### `blockOut`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `[{height: 10, width: 5, x: 40, y: 65}, {height: 250, width: 500,x: 0,y: 35}]`

Block out array with x, y, width and height values. These block outs will be black areas on both images that will be excluded during comparison.
The values will automatically be transformed to the correct DPR-values.

#### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

#### `fullPageScrollTimeout`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `1500`

The timeout in milliseconds to wait after a scroll. This might help identifying pages with lazy loading.

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

#### `hideElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `removeElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can *remove* 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `display: none` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `hideAfterFirstScroll`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods will hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.
This will be handy when a page for example holds sticky elements that will scroll with the page if the page is scrolled but will give an anoying effect when a fullpage screenshot is made  

### `checkFullPageScreen` compare options 
The compare options can be set as `checkFullPageScreen` options, see [Compare options](./OPTIONS.md#compare-options)


## Compare options

> **NOTE:** All compare options can also be used for `checkElement`,`checkScreen` and `checkFullPageScreen`.

Compare options are the options that can be set during instantiation of the plugin or per method. If the options has the same key as an option that has been set during the instantiation of the plugin, the method compare option will override the plugin compare option value.

### `ignoreAlpha`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Compare images and discard alpha.

### `blockOutStatusBar`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Automatically blockout the status and address bar during comparions. This prevents failures on time, wifi or battery status. This is mobile only.

### `blockOutToolBar`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Automatically blockout the tool bar. This is mobile only.

### `ignoreAntialiasing`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Compare images and discard anti aliasing.

### `ignoreColors`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Even though the images are in colour, the comparison wil compare 2 black/white images

### `ignoreLess`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Compare images and compare with `red = 16, green = 16, blue = 16, alpha = 16, minBrightness=16, maxBrightness=240`

### `ignoreNothing`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Compare images and compare with `red = 0, green = 0, blue = 0, alpha = 0, minBrightness=0, maxBrightness=255`

### `ignoreTransparentPixel`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Compare images and it will ignore all pixels that have some transparency in one of the images

### `rawMisMatchPercentage`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

If true the return percentage will be like `0.12345678`, default is `0.12`

### `returnAllCompareData`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

This will retun all compare data, not only the mismatch percentage

### `saveAboveTolerance`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Default:** `0`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Allowable value of misMatchPercentage that prevents saving image with differences

### `largeImageThreshold`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Default:** `0`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*
	
Comparing large images can lead to performance issues.
When providing a number for the amount of pixels here (higher then 0), the comparison algorithm skips pixels when the image width or height is larger than `largeImageThreshold` pixels.

### `scaleImagesToSameSize`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Scales 2 images to same size before execution of comparison. Highly recommended to enable `ignoreAntialiasing` and ignoreAlpha

Commit message:

fix: address bar height is falsely calculated with hybrid apps making the blockout statusbar fail for Android
This also fixes the calculation of the height of the toolbar for Android

docs/OPTIONS.md, after:

# Options

## Plugin options
Plugin options are the options that can be set when the plugin is instantiated.

### `addressBarShadowPadding`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `6`

The padding that needs to be added to the address bar on iOS and Android to do a proper cutout of the the viewport.

### `autoSaveBaseline`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

If no baseline image is found during the comparison the image is automatically copied to the baseline folder when this is set to `true`

### `baselineFolder`
- **Type:** `any`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `./wic/baseline/`

The directory that will hold all the baseline images that are used to during the comparison. If not set, the default value will be used. A function that accepts an option object can also be used to set the baselineFolder value:
```
  getFolder = type = options => {
    const testFolder = path.dirname(options.specs[0]);
    return path.join(testFolder, 'snapshots', type);
  };

  {
    baselineFolder: getFolder(options)
  }
```

### `clearRuntimeFolder`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

Delete runtime folder (`actual` & `diff`) on initialisation

> **NOTE:**<br>
> This will only work when the [`screenshotPath`](#screenshotpath) is set through the plugin options, and **WILL NOT WORK** when you set the folders in the methods

### `debug`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

Enable extra console logging or always saving the diff images during comparison.

### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

### `formatImageName`
- **Type:** `string`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `{tag}-{browserName}-{width}x{height}-dpr-{dpr}`

The name of the saved images can be customized by passing the parameter `formatImageName` with a format string like:

	{tag}-{browserName}-{width}x{height}-dpr-{dpr}

The following variables can be passed to format the string and will automatically been read from the instance capabilities. 
If they can't be determined the defaults will be used.

- `browserName`: The name of the browser in the provided capabilities
- `browserVersion`: The version of the browser provided in the capabilities
- `deviceName`: The device name from the capabilities
- `dpr`: The device pixel ratio
- `height`: The height of the screen
- `logName`: The logName from capabilities
- `mobile`: This will add _app, of browserName after the deviceName to distinguish app screenshots from browser screenshots
- `name`: The name from capabilities
- `platformName`: The name of the platform in the provided capabilities
- `platformVersion`: The version of the platform provided in the capabilities
- `tag`: The tag that is provided in the methods that is being called
- `width`: The width of the screen

#### `fullPageScrollTimeout`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `1500`

The timeout in milliseconds to wait after a scroll. This might help identifying pages with lazy loading.

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Tell the module if the used app is an Hybrid app, this will not calculate the address bar height because it is not there.

#### `isHybridApp`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

### `savePerInstance`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no

Save the images per instance in a separate folder so for example all Chrome screenshots will be saved in a chrome folder like `desktop_chrome`.

### `screenshotPath`
- **Type:** `any`
- **Default:** `.tmp/`
- **Mandatory:** no

The directory that will hold all the actual / difference screenshots. If not set, the default value will be used. A function that
accepts an option object can also be used to set the screenshotPath value:
```
  getFolder = type = options => {
    const testFolder = path.dirname(options.specs[0]);
    return path.join(testFolder, 'snapshots', type);
  };

  {
    screenshotPath: getFolder(options)
  }
```

### `toolBarShadowPadding`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `6`

The padding that needs to be added to the toolbar bar on iOS and Android to do a proper cutout of the the viewport.

### Plugin compare options 
The compare options can be set as plugin options, see [Compare options](./OPTIONS.md#compare-options)


## Method options
Methods options are the options that can be set per method. If the option has the same key as an options that has been set during the instantiation of the plugin, this method option will override the plugin option value.

### `saveElement`
#### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

#### `hideElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `removeElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can *remove* 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `display: none` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `resizeDimensions`
- **Type:** `object`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Default:** `{ top: 0, right: 0, bottom: 0, left: 0}`

An object that need to hold a `top`, `right`, `bottom` and a `left` amount of pixels that need to make the element cutout bigger.

### `saveScreen`
#### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

#### `hideElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `removeElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can *remove* 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `display: none` to them by providing an array of elements. 

### `saveFullPageScreen`
#### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

#### `fullPageScrollTimeout`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `1500`

The timeout in milliseconds to wait after a scroll. This might help identifying pages with lazy loading.

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

#### `hideElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `removeElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can *remove* 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `display: none` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `hideAfterFirstScroll`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods will hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.
This will be handy when a page for example holds sticky elements that will scroll with the page if the page is scrolled but will give an anoying effect when a fullpage screenshot is made 

### `checkElement`
#### `blockOut`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `[{height: 10, width: 5, x: 40, y: 65}, {height: 250, width: 500,x: 0,y: 35}]`

Block out array with x, y, width and height values. These block outs will be black areas on both images that will be excluded during comparison.
The values will automatically be transformed to the correct DPR-values.  

#### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

#### `hideElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `removeElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can *remove* 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `display: none` to them by providing an array of elements. 

#### `resizeDimensions`
- **Type:** `object`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Default:** `{ top: 0, right: 0, bottom: 0, left: 0}`

An object that need to hold a `top`, `right`, `bottom` and a `left` amount of pixels that need to make the element cutout bigger.

### `checkElement` compare options 
The compare options can be set as `checkElement` options, see [Compare options](./OPTIONS.md#compare-options)

### `checkScreen`
#### `blockOut`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `[{height: 10, width: 5, x: 40, y: 65}, {height: 250, width: 500,x: 0,y: 35}]`

Block out array with x, y, width and height values. These block outs will be black areas on both images that will be excluded during comparison.
The values will automatically be transformed to the correct DPR-values.
 
#### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

#### `hideElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `removeElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can *remove* 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `display: none` to them by providing an array of elements.  

### `checkScreen` compare options 
The compare options can be set as `checkScreen` options, see [Compare options](./OPTIONS.md#compare-options)

### `checkFullPageScreen`
#### `blockOut`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `[{height: 10, width: 5, x: 40, y: 65}, {height: 250, width: 500,x: 0,y: 35}]`

Block out array with x, y, width and height values. These block outs will be black areas on both images that will be excluded during comparison.
The values will automatically be transformed to the correct DPR-values.

#### `disableCSSAnimation`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `false`

En/Disable all css animations in the application. If set to true all animations will be disabled before taking a screenshot
and reset when done

#### `fullPageScrollTimeout`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `1500`

The timeout in milliseconds to wait after a scroll. This might help identifying pages with lazy loading.

#### `hideScrollBars`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Mandatory:** No
- **Default:** `true`

Hide scrollbars in the application. If set to true all scrollbars will be disabled before taking a screenshot. This is set to default `true` to prevent extra issues.

#### `hideElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `removeElements`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods can *remove* 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `display: none` to them by providing an array of elements.

#### `hideAfterFirstScroll`
- **Type:** `array`
- **Mandatory:** no

This methods will hide 1 or multiple elements by adding the property `visibility: hidden` to them by providing an array of elements.
This will be handy when a page for example holds sticky elements that will scroll with the page if the page is scrolled but will give an anoying effect when a fullpage screenshot is made  

### `checkFullPageScreen` compare options 
The compare options can be set as `checkFullPageScreen` options, see [Compare options](./OPTIONS.md#compare-options)


## Compare options

> **NOTE:** All compare options can also be used for `checkElement`,`checkScreen` and `checkFullPageScreen`.

Compare options are the options that can be set during instantiation of the plugin or per method. If the options has the same key as an option that has been set during the instantiation of the plugin, the method compare option will override the plugin compare option value.

### `ignoreAlpha`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Compare images and discard alpha.

### `blockOutStatusBar`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Automatically blockout the status and address bar during comparions. This prevents failures on time, wifi or battery status. This is mobile only.

### `blockOutToolBar`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Automatically blockout the tool bar. This is mobile only.

### `ignoreAntialiasing`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Compare images and discard anti aliasing.

### `ignoreColors`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Even though the images are in colour, the comparison wil compare 2 black/white images

### `ignoreLess`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Compare images and compare with `red = 16, green = 16, blue = 16, alpha = 16, minBrightness=16, maxBrightness=240`

### `ignoreNothing`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Compare images and compare with `red = 0, green = 0, blue = 0, alpha = 0, minBrightness=0, maxBrightness=255`

### `ignoreTransparentPixel`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Compare images and it will ignore all pixels that have some transparency in one of the images

### `rawMisMatchPercentage`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

If true the return percentage will be like `0.12345678`, default is `0.12`

### `returnAllCompareData`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

This will retun all compare data, not only the mismatch percentage

### `saveAboveTolerance`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Default:** `0`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Allowable value of misMatchPercentage that prevents saving image with differences

### `largeImageThreshold`
- **Type:** `number`
- **Default:** `0`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*
	
Comparing large images can lead to performance issues.
When providing a number for the amount of pixels here (higher then 0), the comparison algorithm skips pixels when the image width or height is larger than `largeImageThreshold` pixels.

### `scaleImagesToSameSize`
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Mandatory:** no
- **Remark:** *Can also be used for `checkElement`, `checkScreen()` and `checkFullPageScreen()`. It will override the plugin setting*

Scales 2 images to same size before execution of comparison. Highly recommended to enable `ignoreAntialiasing` and ignoreAlpha
